hello there welcome to t 0 9 and I've
got here for you the iOS 7 concept I was
going to walk through well I think about
it that's a good idea put the camera
swapping cameras around with the widgets
kind of thing can do that is jailbreak
also the settings at the top turning
onto airport mode turning Wi-Fi off
which is fairly simple it can do that
again the ipad this time I pac-10 do it
we're going to think you'd do that quick
reply now that will be that's really
helpful if they did that now be great
just instead of going into taking away
from your apps you can actually just you
know and just instantly reply widgets
which would that would be a pretty
simple to do in not copying Android just
double click on it and then they would
just pop up itself so you won't be able
to adjust it or anything just smart idea
by um this chap here again have you any
updates just click it should now that
would be fantastic it goes an update
click it once that all update itself and
that would be a amazing multimedia music
again widget and pause it next track for
the iPad as well be running for the ipad
bigger screen
again for the calendar pretty slick
quick settings now similar to what he's
just done before with the settings
airport mode so it's gonna all right so
it got big slow the volume down for the
music you can do that anyway if you
jailbreak the device but obviously we
want it functioning and built in with
the next show us which is the new
chapter doing at the designer for the
iphone 5s doing arias next one because I
sack the chapel it was a success I think
it was quite good this has already been
changed download and shelf that's pretty
good if you can download you can kind of
download it into your reading list but
not so much into your bookless shelf
kind of thing I'll be pretty pretty sick
you can do that or be a delete it as
well
yeah and then you can read emails Adobe
Reba and our books downloads again same
for the ipad pretty pretty simple idea
but effective if it can happen that is
Apple are watching this and watched it
most likely assume he's watched it
hierarchy of the Apple and said maybe
should we should we do this should we
look at it Mission Control yeah
definitely should do something like that
it's a great idea yeah multitasking
double clicking delete engl the tabs
that we don't want stead of going into
double press the bottom then doesn't
tell you exactly what can you leave them
all here close all apps that's fantastic
we did that fantastic
yeah brilliant
brilliant I